README.md, before:

# Agent Manager for Q CLI

A VS Code Extension that simplifies Amazon Q Developer CLI agent management with an intuitive interface for creating, configuring, and executing agents without manual JSON editing.

## Features

- **Visual Agent Creation**: Complete form-based agent creation with real-time validation
- **Global & Local Agents**: Create agents for specific workspaces or use across all projects
- **One-Click Execution**: Run agents directly from VS Code with the ▶️ button
- **Context Hook Configuration**: Automated context injection with predefined templates
- **Experimental Tools Support**: Access to Q CLI's experimental features (`knowledge`, `thinking`, `todo_list`)
- **Smart Conflict Detection**: Visual warnings when agents with same names exist in different locations
- **Professional UI**: VS Code-native interface with comprehensive form validation
- **Context Menu Integration**: Right-click actions for opening configurations and running agents

## Usage

### Creating a New Agent
1. Click the **+** button in the Q CLI Agents tree view
2. Choose agent location:
   - **Local Agent**: Available only in this workspace (`.amazonq/cli-agents/`)
   - **Global Agent**: Available across all workspaces (`~/.aws/amazonq/cli-agents/`)
3. Fill out the agent creation form:
   - **Name**: Unique identifier for your agent
   - **Description**: Brief description of the agent's purpose
   - **Prompt**: System instructions defining the agent's behavior
   - **Tools**: Select from standard and experimental tools
   - **Resources**: Add file paths the agent can access
   - **Context Hooks**: Configure commands that run automatically to provide context (optional)
4. Click **Create Agent**

### Managing Agents
- **View Agents**: All agents appear organized by location in the Activity Bar tree view
- **Run Agent**: Click the ▶️ button next to any agent
- **Edit Configuration**: Right-click an agent → "Open Agent Configuration"
- **Quick Terminal**: Right-click an agent → "Run Agent in Terminal"

### Tool Categories

**Standard Tools** (Stable, production-ready):
- `fs_read`, `fs_write` - File system operations
- `execute_bash` - Shell command execution  
- `use_aws` - AWS CLI integration
- `introspect` - Q CLI capabilities information

**Experimental Tools** (Advanced features, may change):
- `knowledge` - Persistent context storage across sessions
- `thinking` - Complex reasoning with step-by-step processes
- `todo_list` - Task management and tracking

> ⚠️ **Experimental features** may be changed or removed at any time. Use with caution in production workflows.

## Agent Locations

### Local Agents (Workspace-Specific)
- **Location**: `.amazonq/cli-agents/` in your current workspace
- **Use Case**: Project-specific agents with workspace-relevant configurations

### Global Agents (User-Wide)
- **Location**: `~/.aws/amazonq/cli-agents/` in your home directory  
- **Use Case**: General-purpose agents used across multiple projects

> **Note**: When both local and global agents have the same name, the local agent takes precedence.

## What's New in v0.0.5

- 🔧 **Backward Compatibility**: Fixed compatibility with existing agent files that don't have `$schema` field
- 🛠️ **Improved Error Handling**: Better error messages for agent configuration validation

## What's New in v0.0.4

- 🪝 **Context Hook Configuration**: Configure commands that run automatically to provide context
- 📋 **Template-Based Hooks**: Pre-defined templates for common scenarios:
  - **Git Status**: Show git status with each prompt
  - **Current Branch**: Display current git branch at conversation start
  - **Project Info**: Show project name at conversation start
  - **Recent Commits**: Display last 3 git commits at conversation start
- ⚙️ **Custom Hook Creation**: Create your own hooks with modal dialog interface
- 🔒 **Security Validation**: Real-time command analysis with security warnings
- ✏️ **Hook Management**: Full CRUD operations for hook editing and removal
- 🎨 **Improved UI**: Better layout with Create Hook prominently displayed

## What's New in v0.0.3

- ✅ **Step-by-Step Agent Creation Wizard**: Intuitive multi-step interface replacing single-page form
- ✅ **Drag & Drop Resource Support**: Easily add files and directories to agent resources

## What's New in v0.0.2

- ✅ **Global Agent Support**: Manage agents across all workspaces
- ✅ **Experimental Tools**: Dedicated section for Q CLI experimental features
- ✅ **Enhanced Tree View**: Organized display with conflict detection
- ✅ **Selection State Fix**: Fixed bug where agent selection color would disappear

## Migration from v0.0.1

**Good News**: All your existing agents will continue to work without any changes! 🎉

- **Existing local agents** are automatically recognized
- **No configuration changes** needed - all existing agent files remain compatible
- **Tree view automatically updates** to show your agents in the new organized structure

## Requirements

- VS Code 1.94.0 or higher
- Amazon Q Developer CLI installed and configured

## Installation

1. Install from VS Code Marketplace (coming soon)
2. Or install from VSIX file:
   ```bash
   code --install-extension agent-manager-for-q-cli-0.0.2.vsix
   ```

---

**Get started by clicking the + button in the Q CLI Agents view to create your first agent!**

Commit message:

feat: v0.0.6 - Context Resources View with pattern-based grouping
✨ New Features:
- Context Resources View: Visual display of agent resource files
- Pattern-based grouping: Files organized by resource patterns
- Flat list structure: Improved UX with better navigation
- Real-time updates: Automatic refresh on file changes
- Enhanced agent controls: Added inline config file open button

🔧 Technical Implementation:
- Agent selection event system
- ContextResourceService with caching
- FileSystemService with glob pattern support
- Performance optimization with resource pooling
- Comprehensive error handling and recovery

📚 Documentation:
- Updated README.md with new features
- Added Context Resources usage guide
- What's New in v0.0.6 section

🎯 UX Improvements:
- Removed file size display for cleaner UI
- Pattern grouping without emoji clutter
- Proper indentation for file hierarchy
- One-click file access and operations

README.md, after:

# Agent Manager for Q CLI

A VS Code Extension that simplifies Amazon Q Developer CLI agent management with an intuitive interface for creating, configuring, and executing agents without manual JSON editing.

## Features

- **Visual Agent Creation**: Complete form-based agent creation with real-time validation
- **Global & Local Agents**: Create agents for specific workspaces or use across all projects
- **One-Click Execution**: Run agents directly from VS Code with the ▶️ button
- **Context Resources View**: Visual display of agent resource files organized by patterns
- **Context Hook Configuration**: Automated context injection with predefined templates
- **Experimental Tools Support**: Access to Q CLI's experimental features (`knowledge`, `thinking`, `todo_list`)
- **Smart Conflict Detection**: Visual warnings when agents with same names exist in different locations
- **Professional UI**: VS Code-native interface with comprehensive form validation
- **Context Menu Integration**: Right-click actions for opening configurations and running agents

## Usage

### Creating a New Agent
1. Click the **+** button in the Q CLI Agents tree view
2. Choose agent location:
   - **Local Agent**: Available only in this workspace (`.amazonq/cli-agents/`)
   - **Global Agent**: Available across all workspaces (`~/.aws/amazonq/cli-agents/`)
3. Fill out the agent creation form:
   - **Name**: Unique identifier for your agent
   - **Description**: Brief description of the agent's purpose
   - **Prompt**: System instructions defining the agent's behavior
   - **Tools**: Select from standard and experimental tools
   - **Resources**: Add file paths the agent can access
   - **Context Hooks**: Configure commands that run automatically to provide context (optional)
4. Click **Create Agent**

### Managing Agents
- **View Agents**: All agents appear organized by location in the Activity Bar tree view
- **Run Agent**: Click the ▶️ button next to any agent
- **Edit Configuration**: Right-click an agent → "Open Agent Configuration" or click the 📄 button
- **Quick Terminal**: Right-click an agent → "Run Agent in Terminal"

### Context Resources View
- **Automatic Display**: Select any agent to view its resource files in the Context Resources panel
- **Pattern-Based Grouping**: Files are organized by their resource patterns (e.g., `src/**/*.ts`, `README.md`)
- **Quick File Access**: Click any file to open it directly in the editor
- **File Operations**: Right-click files for additional actions (copy path, reveal in explorer)
- **Search & Filter**: Use the search button to filter files by name or path

### Tool Categories

**Standard Tools** (Stable, production-ready):
- `fs_read`, `fs_write` - File system operations
- `execute_bash` - Shell command execution  
- `use_aws` - AWS CLI integration
- `introspect` - Q CLI capabilities information

**Experimental Tools** (Advanced features, may change):
- `knowledge` - Persistent context storage across sessions
- `thinking` - Complex reasoning with step-by-step processes
- `todo_list` - Task management and tracking

> ⚠️ **Experimental features** may be changed or removed at any time. Use with caution in production workflows.

## Agent Locations

### Local Agents (Workspace-Specific)
- **Location**: `.amazonq/cli-agents/` in your current workspace
- **Use Case**: Project-specific agents with workspace-relevant configurations

### Global Agents (User-Wide)
- **Location**: `~/.aws/amazonq/cli-agents/` in your home directory  
- **Use Case**: General-purpose agents used across multiple projects

> **Note**: When both local and global agents have the same name, the local agent takes precedence.

## What's New in v0.0.6

- 📁 **Context Resources View**: Visual display of agent resource files with pattern-based grouping
- 🔍 **Smart File Organization**: Files grouped by their resource patterns for better understanding
- ⚡ **One-Click File Access**: Click any resource file to open it directly in the editor
- 🔄 **Real-time Updates**: Automatic refresh when resource files change
- 📄 **Enhanced Agent Controls**: Added inline button to open agent configuration files
- 🎯 **Improved UX**: Flat list structure with pattern grouping for better navigation

## What's New in v0.0.5

- 🔧 **Backward Compatibility**: Fixed compatibility with existing agent files that don't have `$schema` field
- 🛠️ **Improved Error Handling**: Better error messages for agent configuration validation

## What's New in v0.0.4

- 🪝 **Context Hook Configuration**: Configure commands that run automatically to provide context
- 📋 **Template-Based Hooks**: Pre-defined templates for common scenarios:
  - **Git Status**: Show git status with each prompt
  - **Current Branch**: Display current git branch at conversation start
  - **Project Info**: Show project name at conversation start
  - **Recent Commits**: Display last 3 git commits at conversation start
- ⚙️ **Custom Hook Creation**: Create your own hooks with modal dialog interface
- 🔒 **Security Validation**: Real-time command analysis with security warnings
- ✏️ **Hook Management**: Full CRUD operations for hook editing and removal
- 🎨 **Improved UI**: Better layout with Create Hook prominently displayed

## What's New in v0.0.3

- ✅ **Step-by-Step Agent Creation Wizard**: Intuitive multi-step interface replacing single-page form
- ✅ **Drag & Drop Resource Support**: Easily add files and directories to agent resources

## What's New in v0.0.2

- ✅ **Global Agent Support**: Manage agents across all workspaces
- ✅ **Experimental Tools**: Dedicated section for Q CLI experimental features
- ✅ **Enhanced Tree View**: Organized display with conflict detection
- ✅ **Selection State Fix**: Fixed bug where agent selection color would disappear

## Migration from v0.0.1

**Good News**: All your existing agents will continue to work without any changes! 🎉

- **Existing local agents** are automatically recognized
- **No configuration changes** needed - all existing agent files remain compatible
- **Tree view automatically updates** to show your agents in the new organized structure

## Requirements

- VS Code 1.94.0 or higher
- Amazon Q Developer CLI installed and configured

## Installation

1. Install from VS Code Marketplace (coming soon)
2. Or install from VSIX file:
   ```bash
   code --install-extension agent-manager-for-q-cli-0.0.2.vsix
   ```

---

**Get started by clicking the + button in the Q CLI Agents view to create your first agent!**
